Add remote platform documentation for Vizio integration (#44164)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/vizio.markdown

| `setting_name` | no | The name of the setting. | `eq`
| `new_value` | no | The new value to set the setting to. | `Music`

## Remote

The VIZIO SmartCast integration automatically creates a remote entity for each configured device (TVs and speakers). You can use it to send remote control commands via the `remote.send_command` action.

> Commands are case-insensitive. You can use either the native key name (e.g., `VOL_UP`) or a human-friendly alias (e.g., `volume_up`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Commands are case-insensitive. You can use either the native key name (for example, `VOL_UP`) or a human-friendly alias (for example, `volume_up`).
```
